Can't find Wang Xun
You bring your head up to see Wang Xun
You don't deceive too much
I'm just going to deceive people too much
What's wrong with you?
I beg you to come back with me
Even a little Wang Xun can't handle it
You make this king lose face
Aren't you resourceful?
Think of a way
This king wants Wang Xun to die
Your Highness, this is simple
Send a killer at night to kill it directly
Confused, you rushed to the Duke's Mansion to kill people today
Do you dare to enter the palace tomorrow?
This matter still needs to be treated
Does the emperor often like to go to the Duke's Mansion to eat?
We can write articles on this.
If we do it well
That's him, Wang Xun has 100 brains